README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

update ui and logic to incl auth, onboarding, view list, and list item actions

README.md, after:

# Pedrito UI

Lightweight Next.js UI for reviewing and clearing your open loops. The app links to WhatsApp through our Intel Layer, fetches the latest loops, and lets you mark them done or dismiss them. Onboarding captures a few local preferences (focus, tone, cadence) in the browser.

## Prerequisites

- Node 18+
- npm

## Setup

1) Install deps:
```bash
npm install
```

2) Create `.env.local` with your services:
```
WHATSAPP_BASE_URL=http://localhost:3000
WHATSAPP_API_KEY=replace-me
INTEL_BASE_URL=http://localhost:4000
# INTEL_API_KEY=optional
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=replace-me
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=replace-me
# Do not store service-role keys in this file
```

3) Run the dev server:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open http://localhost:3000.

## Deploy

- Vercel: push to GitHub, set the env vars above in the Vercel project settings, then deploy.

## Notes

- Onboarding preferences are stored in `localStorage` only; no server profile is persisted yet.
- Avoid committing any `.env*` files; `.gitignore` already excludes them.
